feat(addLocatorHandler): various improvements (#30494)
microsoft/playwright: docs/src/api/class-page.md

// Setup the handler.
await page.AddLocatorHandlerAsync(page.Locator("body"), async () => {
  await page.EvaluateAsync("window.removeObstructionsForTestIfNeeded()");
}, new() { AllowStayingVisible: true });

// Write the test as usual.
await page.GotoAsync("https://example.com");
await page.GetByRole("button", new() { Name = "Start here" }).ClickAsync();
```

Handler takes the original locator as an argument. You can also automatically remove the handler after a number of invocations by setting [`option: times`]:

```js
await page.addLocatorHandler(page.getByLabel('Close'), async locator => {
  await locator.click();
}, { times: 1 });
```

```java
page.addLocatorHandler(page.getByLabel("Close"), locator => {
  locator.click();
}, new Page.AddLocatorHandlerOptions().setTimes(1));
```

```python sync

> def handler(locator):

Reviewer: Lambda would look better here?

### param: Page.addLocatorHandler.handler
* langs: js, python
* since: v1.42
- `handler` <[function]\([Locator]\): [Promise<any>]>

Function that should be run once [`param: locator`] appears. This function should get rid of the element that blocks actions like click.

### param: Page.addLocatorHandler.handler
* langs: csharp
* since: v1.42
- `handler` <[function]\([Locator]\)>

Function that should be run once [`param: locator`] appears. This function should get rid of the element that blocks actions like click.

### param: Page.addLocatorHandler.handler
* langs: java
* since: v1.42
- `handler` <[function]\([Locator]\)>

Function that should be run once [`param: locator`] appears. This function should get rid of the element that blocks actions like click.

### option: Page.addLocatorHandler.times
* since: v1.44
- `times` <[int]>

Specifies the maximum number of times this handler should be called. Unlimited by default.

### option: Page.addLocatorHandler.allowStayingVisible
* since: v1.44
- `allowStayingVisible` <[boolean]>

> By default, after calling the handler Playwright will wait until the overlay becomes hidden, and only then Playwright will continue with the action/assertion that triggered the handler. This option allows to opt-out of this behavior, so that overlay can stay visible after the handler runs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
By default, after calling the handler Playwright will wait until the overlay becomes hidden, and only then Playwright will continue with the action/assertion that triggered the handler. This option allows to opt-out of this behavior, so that overlay can stay visible after the handler has run.
```

## async method: Page.removeLocatorHandler
* since: v1.44

:::warning[Experimental]

> This method is experimental and its behavior may change in the upcoming releases.

Reviewer 2: Maybe hold off adding it?
